Android/HelloAndroid/README.md, before:

Hello Android
=============
Hello Android is an FLTK sample app that derives from the Android Studio sample
project Native Plasma. This sample uses Android Studio 3 and CMake.

Pre-requisites
--------------
- Android Studio 3.0+ with [NDK](https://developer.android.com/ndk/) bundle.

Getting Started
---------------
1. [Download Android Studio](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html)
1. Launch Android Studio.
1. Open the Android directory inside the FLTK directory.
1. Open the AndroidStudio project by loading the HelloAndroid directory.
1. Click *Run/Run 'app'*.

Support
-------
If you've found an error in these samples, please [file an issue](http://www.fltk.org/str.php). Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted via the same FLTK Bug & Feature system.

Please visit the FLTK [Forum](http://www.fltk.org/newsgroups.php) for additional help.

License
-------
FLTK is provided under the terms of the [GNU Library Public License, Version 2 with exceptions](http://www.fltk.org/COPYING.php) that allow for static linking.

Commit message:

Android: more cleanup. Trying to solve the problem of undefined screen buffer content. Moved gradlew.bat into gradlew.zip to make some svn's happy.
git-svn-id: file:///fltk/svn/fltk/branches/branch-1.4@12709 ea41ed52-d2ee-0310-a9c1-e6b18d33e121

Android/HelloAndroid/README.md, after:

Hello Android
=============
Hello Android is an FLTK sample app that derives from the Android Studio sample
project Native Plasma. This sample uses Android Studio 3 and CMake.

Pre-requisites
--------------
- Android Studio 3.0+ with [NDK](https://developer.android.com/ndk/) bundle.

Getting Started
---------------
1. [Download Android Studio](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html)
1. Launch Android Studio.
1. Open the Android directory inside the FLTK directory.
1. Open the AndroidStudio project by loading the HelloAndroid directory.
1. Click *Run/Run 'app'*.

Micrososft Windows Users
------------------------
The file 'gradlew.zip' must be unzipped before you can use AndroidStudio. It contains the required file 'gradlew.bat'. This was neccessary because some svn setups block anything that looks like an executable file, including files that end in .bat .

Support
-------
If you've found an error in these samples, please [file an issue](http://www.fltk.org/str.php). Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted via the same FLTK Bug & Feature system.

Please visit the FLTK [Forum](http://www.fltk.org/newsgroups.php) for additional help.

License
-------
FLTK is provided under the terms of the [GNU Library Public License, Version 2 with exceptions](http://www.fltk.org/COPYING.php) that allow for static linking.
